1) What is the Earth's shape?
The Earth is flat. It is shaped in the form of a pentagon, and thus has five corners.
2) What is the "middle corner"?
If one was to draw a line from each corner to the centre of the opposing side of the Earth, the line would intersect in the middle of the Flat Earth. This place is known as the Middle Corner.
3) Hey, wait a minute, that is not a real corner...
So? The equator of the spherical earthers is an imaginary line as well. Does this mean that their model does not have a northern and a southern hemisphere? You cannot count in imaginary numbers, but does that mean that they do not exist?
4) What about the northern and southern hemisphere?
Spherical-earthist rot. This implies the Earth being a SPHERE, which it is not. The Earth has, however, an Inner and Outer Ring.
5) Does the "middle corner" prove that 5=6?
Yes.
6) How are continents located on the Flat Earth.
Generally, the "southernmost" continents are on the outside, whereas the "northern" ones are on the inside.
7) Does this mean that the Middle Corner is at the North Pole?
Not necessarily. It may be anywhere in the northern part of the Earth.
8) What is, then, at the south pole?
The Edge of the World. It is surrounded by a huge mountain range.
9) Does this fit in with the Hollow Earth theory?
Yes. Beneath the Earth, or hanging off the edges, is a land populated by either green-skinned women or Nazis. All those claiming to have seen this have misinterpreted it to fit in with the spurious and false Spherical Earth theory.
10) Did H. P. Lovecraft know about the Flat Earth?
Yes. Read _At the Mountains of Madness_. The choice of the South Pole by the Old Ones makes more sense with the Flat Earth Theory.
11) What about gravity?
Lies, all lies. There is no gravity, only inertia. The Earth moves through space like a giant elevator. We do not fall off because we are kept down by inertia. The Earth has inertia.
12) How does the Earth move through space?
There are two schools of thought: one which states that the Earth is constantly moving in a straight line, and the other which states that the Earth is moving in a toroidal shape. There is a popular opinion which states that the Earth does not move as such, but rather that space moves around the Earth.

